Suit ability to detect laser pointer
Nonvisible-light lasers and flashlights only visible with special glasses
Ricochet Gun - This gun does some futuristic bullshit to make bullets _unbelievably_ bouncy! Don't worry about the science, worry about shooting yourself!
If openworld doesn't work out, city spheres instead
FTL as late game development. Early game makes clear how limited STL travel is.
Ammo teleporter that teleports ammo from stockpile - make ammo a problem for early game and an expense for late game
	Stockpiles can be destroyed
	Teleporters for other things  (vehicles, maybe troops?) that are bigger than thing teleported and are easily destroyed
Drones, flying/rolling with weapons and such
Trippy/cool death sequence
	Dream mixed with tech representation of being uploaded conscious when starting (for tutorial) and when dying without enough money/backup bodies
		When you die w/o enough money/backups, you have to hack some systems The Matrix or Inception style to get money/a new body printed.
		This will allow hacking that isn't super boring. Could still be puzzle type stuff, but with action, or parkour challenge type stuff. I dunno, be creative you fuck.
Lowest difficulty choice – "Your Mom"
Auto-adjust difficulty setting. Look into concept of "flow" in creative/leisure activities.
Wizard Mode, or just randomly having some magic in the game
Throwing guns sorta like Hotline Miami/Duck Game/SUPER HOT
Can melee guns out of other peoples hands
Projected copy of yourself, for ambush/distraction.

Online Ideas:
	Short RTS-like matches
	Persistent crew, vehicles, upgrades, etc., but these can all be killed/destroyed permanently or limited for specific matches (based on the scenario)
	#YOLOmode:
		Like realistic mode (single player, no re-spawning), but you only get a single try, which permanently ties a special additional rank/badge type thing to your account
		Has to be unlocked by reaching a certain online rank, playing online for a certain amount of time, having a single online
			game where you reach some difficult to achieve score, and doing well enough in realistic mode
		Have this there, but don't explain it beyond "You only live once." It will be hidden entirely until meeting the requirements

Name Ideas:
	First World Anarchy
	That Good Night
	The Whe
	A Thousand Deaths
	Pokemon: Fire Emblem
	Dreams of a Forgotten Tomorrow
	Quantum Age
	Somatic Disconnect	<------ (disconnecting body from mind)
	Somatic Disconnect but like, in Latin
	[Something], [Somethingelse], and [Anotherthing]	<------ (makes it hard to put in lists)
	BABA	<------ (but it don't stand for nothing) (also could be name of protag?)